docs/other/index.md, before:

﻿# :link: Other Sources

Additional resources, tools, and guides from across the Minecraft Dungeons community.

---

## :wrench: Useful Tools

### Community Resources
- **Dungeon Collector** – Minecraft Dungeons information resource with items, mechanics, and guides  
  [https://www.dungeoncollector.co.uk/](https://www.dungeoncollector.co.uk/)
- **Reddit Wiki / FAQ** – Community-maintained guides and common questions  
  [https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftDungeons/wiki/index/](https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftDungeons/wiki/index/)

---

## :speech_balloon: Discord Servers

Active community hubs for builds, discussion, and help:


- **The Dungeon Fishes** – Newest & Most Active Server   
  [https://discord.gg/ZsTJetvmJx](https://discord.gg/ZsTJetvmJx)  
  *Members: 500+ active*

- **Minecraft Dungeons FR** – English & French community  
  [https://discord.gg/U2PXEzxAK5](https://discord.gg/U2PXEzxAK5)  
  *Members: 4200+*

- **MCDungeons Outpost** – General discussion and help  
  [https://discord.gg/PJSwMhjb](https://discord.gg/PJSwMhjb)  
  *Members: ~900*

- **Minecraft Dungeons Emotes & Other Games (Shin’s Server)**  
  [https://discord.gg/VsWSKr7hxC](https://discord.gg/VsWSKr7hxC)  
  *Members: ~800*

- **Minecraft Dungeons Themed Builds (Grim’s Server)**  
  [https://discord.gg/PGaUbNjq9J](https://discord.gg/PGaUbNjq9J)  
  *Members: ~300*

- **Buster Cat’s Dungeons**  
  [https://discord.gg/WX3SRpD4Q2](https://discord.gg/WX3SRpD4Q2)  
  *Members: ~100*

- **McD – The Multiverse**  
  [https://discord.gg/4GY9GQNbpt](https://discord.gg/4GY9GQNbpt)  
  *Members: ~40*

---

## :books: External Guides

Many talented creators share their knowledge across different platforms.

### YouTube Channels
- **Shin FTW** – Mechanic breakdowns, build explanations, and teaching why strategies work  
  [https://www.youtube.com/@Shin_FTW](https://www.youtube.com/@Shin_FTW)

- **DamoFlamo26** – Build showcases and gear breakdowns  
  [https://www.youtube.com/@damoflamo2674](https://www.youtube.com/@damoflamo2674)

- **Arcanum** – Experimental builds and gameplay  
  [https://www.youtube.com/@Arcanum814](https://www.youtube.com/@Arcanum814)

### Guide Formats
- 🎥 Video tutorials
- 📝 Written guides
- 📊 Build breakdowns
- 🧠 Strategy & meta discussion

---

## :globe_with_meridians: Subreddits & Forums

- **r/MinecraftDungeons** – Builds, tier lists, updates, and discussion  
  [https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftDungeons/](https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftDungeons/)

- **r/GrimsThemedBuilds** – Themed and creative Minecraft Dungeons builds  
  [https://www.reddit.com/r/GrimsThemedBuilds/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GrimsThemedBuilds/)

---

## :star: Official Resources

- **Official Minecraft Dungeons Website** – News, updates, and announcements  
  [https://www.minecraft.net/dungeons](https://www.minecraft.net/dungeons)
- **Patch Notes & Updates** – Version changes and balance updates  
  [https://patchbot.io/games/minecraft-dungeons](https://patchbot.io/games/minecraft-dungeons)
- **Official Handbook** – *Guide to Minecraft Dungeons: A Handbook for Heroes*  
  [https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Minecraft_Dungeons:Guide_to_Minecraft_Dungeons:_A_Handbook_for_Heroes](https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Minecraft_Dungeons:Guide_to_Minecraft_Dungeons:_A_Handbook_for_Heroes)

---

!!! tip "Bookmark This"
    Check back regularly as we add more high-quality community resources and guides!

Commit message:

Update Armor Swapping Guide and add Dungeon Souls resource

docs/other/index.md, after:

﻿# :link: Other Sources

Additional resources, tools, and guides from across the Minecraft Dungeons community.

---

## :wrench: Useful Tools

### Community Resources
- **Dungeon Souls** – Minecraft Dungeons themed game with card and gear collection and battling mechanics.
  [https://soulss.vercel.app/](https://soulss.vercel.app/)
- **Dungeon Collector** – Minecraft Dungeons information resource with items, mechanics, and guides  
  [https://www.dungeoncollector.co.uk/](https://www.dungeoncollector.co.uk/)
- **Reddit Wiki / FAQ** – Community-maintained guides and common questions  
  [https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftDungeons/wiki/index/](https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftDungeons/wiki/index/)

---

## :speech_balloon: Discord Servers

Active community hubs for builds, discussion, and help:


- **The Dungeon Fishes** – Newest & Most Active Server   
  [https://discord.gg/ZsTJetvmJx](https://discord.gg/ZsTJetvmJx)  
  *Members: 500+ active*

- **Minecraft Dungeons FR** – English & French community  
  [https://discord.gg/U2PXEzxAK5](https://discord.gg/U2PXEzxAK5)  
  *Members: 4200+*

- **MCDungeons Outpost** – General discussion and help  
  [https://discord.gg/PJSwMhjb](https://discord.gg/PJSwMhjb)  
  *Members: ~900*

- **Minecraft Dungeons Emotes & Other Games (Shin’s Server)**  
  [https://discord.gg/VsWSKr7hxC](https://discord.gg/VsWSKr7hxC)  
  *Members: ~800*

- **Minecraft Dungeons Themed Builds (Grim’s Server)**  
  [https://discord.gg/PGaUbNjq9J](https://discord.gg/PGaUbNjq9J)  
  *Members: ~300*

- **Buster Cat’s Dungeons**  
  [https://discord.gg/WX3SRpD4Q2](https://discord.gg/WX3SRpD4Q2)  
  *Members: ~100*

- **McD – The Multiverse**  
  [https://discord.gg/4GY9GQNbpt](https://discord.gg/4GY9GQNbpt)  
  *Members: ~40*

---

## :books: External Guides

Many talented creators share their knowledge across different platforms.

### YouTube Channels
- **Shin FTW** – Mechanic breakdowns, build explanations, and teaching why strategies work  
  [https://www.youtube.com/@Shin_FTW](https://www.youtube.com/@Shin_FTW)

- **DamoFlamo26** – Build showcases and gear breakdowns  
  [https://www.youtube.com/@damoflamo2674](https://www.youtube.com/@damoflamo2674)

- **Arcanum** – Experimental builds and gameplay  
  [https://www.youtube.com/@Arcanum814](https://www.youtube.com/@Arcanum814)

### Guide Formats
- 🎥 Video tutorials
- 📝 Written guides
- 📊 Build breakdowns
- 🧠 Strategy & meta discussion

---

## :globe_with_meridians: Subreddits & Forums

- **r/MinecraftDungeons** – Builds, tier lists, updates, and discussion  
  [https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftDungeons/](https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftDungeons/)

- **r/GrimsThemedBuilds** – Themed and creative Minecraft Dungeons builds  
  [https://www.reddit.com/r/GrimsThemedBuilds/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GrimsThemedBuilds/)

---

## :star: Official Resources

- **Official Minecraft Dungeons Website** – News, updates, and announcements  
  [https://www.minecraft.net/dungeons](https://www.minecraft.net/dungeons)
- **Patch Notes & Updates** – Version changes and balance updates  
  [https://patchbot.io/games/minecraft-dungeons](https://patchbot.io/games/minecraft-dungeons)
- **Official Handbook** – *Guide to Minecraft Dungeons: A Handbook for Heroes*  
  [https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Minecraft_Dungeons:Guide_to_Minecraft_Dungeons:_A_Handbook_for_Heroes](https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Minecraft_Dungeons:Guide_to_Minecraft_Dungeons:_A_Handbook_for_Heroes)

---

!!! tip "Bookmark This"
    Check back regularly as we add more high-quality community resources and guides!
